# My Workflow

## Use cases:

- **Automated Blog Post Generation:** A user submits a topic via a form, and the workflow researches the topic, creates an outline, generates content for each section, and then compiles it into a complete blog post, ready for review and publishing.
- **Content Creation for Marketing Campaigns:** Input a product description or campaign theme, and the workflow will automatically generate multiple articles based on the different focus, suitable for different social media.
- **Ghost Blog Content Automation**: Submit content through n8n form, this workflow automatically creates relevant content based on LLM models. It will publish title and text directly on Ghost CMS.

## How it works:

1.  **Trigger:** The workflow starts when a user submits data through an **n8n Form Trigger**.
2.  **Research Leader:** The submitted data is passed to a **Research Leader 🔬** node (Langchain Agent), which acts as the primary researcher. This node also connect to Perplexity as search tool and OpenAI chat model.
3.  **Project Planner:** The **Research Leader 🔬** delegates tasks to a **Project Planner**, which generates a structured plan for the content based on prompt.
4.  **Delegate to Research Assistants:** The workflow splits the plan into individual subtasks using **Delegate to Research Assistants**, assigning each to a **Research Assistant**.
5.  **Research Assistant:** Each **Research Assistant** node researches its assigned subtask using the Perplexity AI tool and the information to generate content.
6.  **Merge chapters title and text:** Combines the content generated by each Research Assistant into a single text.
7. **Final article text:** This node merge the text and create an article based on the text from all assistants.
8.  **Editor:** Uses LLM to edit the article text and enhance the content.
9. **Create title:** Creates a title based on the content of the article.
10. **Ghost:** Publishes the title and article text to Ghost CMS.

## Services:

-   **Ghost:** CMS for publishing the article.
-   **Perplexity AI API:** Used for research and information retrieval.
-   **OpenAI API:** Used for language model to create or edit content.

## Hashtags:

#n8n #automation #contentcreation #AI #GhostCMS
