[](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/edit/main/docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.lmchatawsbedrock.md "Edit this page")

# AWS Bedrock Chat Model node[#](#aws-bedrock-chat-model-node "Permanent link")

The AWS Bedrock Chat Model node allows you use LLM models utilising AWS Bedrock platform.

On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the AWS Bedrock Chat Model node, and links to more resources.

Credentials

You can find authentication information for this node [here](../../../credentials/aws/).

Parameter resolution in sub-nodes

Sub-nodes behave differently to other nodes when processing multiple items using an expression.

Most nodes, including root nodes, take any number of items as input, process these items, and output the results. You can use expressions to refer to input items, and the node resolves the expression for each item in turn. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` resolves to each name in turn.

In sub-nodes, the expression always resolves to the first item. For example, given an input of five `name` values, the expression `{{ $json.name }}` always resolves to the first name.

## Node parameters[#](#node-parameters "Permanent link")

*   **Model**: Select the model that generates the completion.

Learn more about available models in the [Amazon Bedrock model documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/bedrock/latest/userguide/models-supported.html).

## Node options[#](#node-options "Permanent link")

*   **Maximum Number of Tokens**: Enter the maximum number of tokens used, which sets the completion length.
*   **Sampling Temperature**: Use this option to control the randomness of the sampling process. A higher temperature creates more diverse sampling, but increases the risk of hallucinations.

## Templates and examples[#](#templates-and-examples "Permanent link")

**Transcribe audio files from Cloud Storage**

by Lorena

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/1394-transcribe-audio-files-from-cloud-storage/)

**Extract and store text from chat images using AWS S3**

by Lorena

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/1393-extract-and-store-text-from-chat-images-using-aws-s3/)

**Sync data between Google Drive and AWS S3**

by Lorena

[View template details](https://n8n.io/workflows/1396-sync-data-between-google-drive-and-aws-s3/)

[Browse AWS Bedrock Chat Model integration templates](https://n8n.io/integrations/aws-bedrock-chat-model/), or [search all templates](https://n8n.io/workflows/)

## Related resources[#](#related-resources "Permanent link")

Refer to [LangChains's AWS Bedrock Chat Model documentation](https://js.langchain.com/docs/integrations/chat/bedrock/) for more information about the service.

View n8n's [Advanced AI](../../../../../advanced-ai/) documentation.

## AI glossary[#](#ai-glossary "Permanent link")

*   **completion**: Completions are the responses generated by a model like GPT.
*   **hallucinations**: Hallucination in AI is when an LLM (large language model) mistakenly perceives patterns or objects that don't exist.
*   **vector database**: A vector database stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.
*   **vector store**: A vector store, or vector database, stores mathematical representations of information. Use with embeddings and retrievers to create a database that your AI can access when answering questions.